#labels Assignment2
Initial Requirements and Design

===Project Manager:===
Mark Lauman

===Requirements Document===
 * *Introduction:* Our system provides an educational learning tool to teachers and students of the sixth and seventh grade.  It does so by having a code library that third party “Study Buddies” have access to to create programs.  The system also keeps track of individual users and user statistics.  It also provides teachers with special accounts to enable them to make changes to the system in terms of the study buddies available, user statistics, and passwords.  It is useful for helping students study for a variety of subjects on a digital medium.  It also aids teachers in creating content for study quickly by using templates or, if they are advanced enough, a full fledged study buddy. 

 * *Intended Audience:* 
   # Grade 6 students and teachers
    Experience
    Expertise
    Goal 
   # Grade 7 students and teachers
   
   # Students below grade 6 and above 7
  
 * *Features:*
  * [Loginsystem Login System]
   Fields for username and password.
   Letter case sensitivity.
  * [UserT User types]
   Different levels of users.
   Hierarchical
   Three account types:  administrator, instructor, and student.
  * [PasswordProtection Password protection]
   Password will be blocked out when typed.
   Encrypted password in user account file.
  * [PasswordReminder Password reminder]
   "Forgot password" link on login screen
   Will ask a personal question and user must provide the answer they recorded at account setup.
  * [MinGUI Minimalistic graphical user interface]
   Minimal amount of menus and icons.
   Uncluttered interface.
  * [Multiwindow Multi-windowed]
   Ability to open several study buddies at once.
  * [ManipulatableWindows Manipulatable windows]
   Windows will be able to be moved around.
   Resizing.
  * [Random Random question generator]
   Randomly generates questions based on a programmed question format.
  * [VaryingDifficulty Varying difficulty curve]
   Uses the random question generator and combining questions together to create increased difficulty questions.
  * [SupportAudioImage Supports audio and images]
   Enables audio and images to be loaded into program.
  * [Statistics Statistics]
   Program records user statistics of study buddies at each use.
  * [Rank Ranking / Overall statistics]
   Program able to parse all user data and combine it to show over all statistics.
  * [Basic Basic third party study buddy creation]
   
  * [Advanced Advanced third party study buddy creation]
  * [Export Exporting loaded Study Buddy]
   Ability to export loaded study buddies as a single file.
  * [Modularity Modularity]
   Study buddies are able to be transfered to other computers and installed.
  * [SystemAdmin System administration]
   Special account types which allow administration over system such as installation and deletion of study buddies, and account management.
  * [Size Small filesize]
   Base program will be small in file size.  No more than 5MB.

 * *Non-fuctional requirements:* 
  * 

 * *Example Tutorials:*
  * Tutorial 1: Logging in / Forgetting Password
  * Tutorial 2: Loading Study Buddies
  * Tutorial 3: Sharing Study Buddies

 * *Glossary:*

===Design Document===
 * *Guidelines:* The development will be done using the Ecilpse IDE(Java), and using the same coding format to ensure the consistence. 

 * *System Diagrams:* 

 * *Data Requirements:* A keyboard and a mouse will be used as the inputs to play study buddies, and the monitor and speakers will be used as the outputs. 

 * *Feature Priorty:*
   * Version 1
     * core program with Admin, Teacher, and Student login functions