#summary Updated User Manual
#labels Assignment3

==Introduction==
Our system provides an educational learning tool to students of the sixth and seventh grade. It does so by having a code library that third party “Study Buddies” access to create programs. The system keeps track of individual users and user statistics.  Study buddies can be imported into and exported out of the system to allow sharing of study buddies.  The study buddies are able to display images, play sounds, and take in events from a keyboard and mouse. This study buddy system can help Grade 6 students study a large amount of subjects without them leaving their computer. It will run on the Java Runtime Environment, allowing our program's use on all different platforms.

==Intended Audience==
 * Grade 6 students
  * Our primary user of the program, Grade 6 students are very fond of all types of game. Most grade 6 students are competent with computer basics, as they enjoy instant messaging services and computer games a lot.
  * Grade 6 students have reached the "cool" phase of their lives.  They enjoy watching teen dramas and anime shows, (Like Hannah Montana and Pokemon) and often play teenager though temporary "relationships".
 * Parents of grade 6 students
  * Grade 6 parents will want software that is educational for their children and age appropriate. They will be the ones who check over and install the software, and its associated buddies.  Parents have an varied technical ability, so the system must be simple enough that all can understand it.
  * Parents are busy individuals who will occasionally look in on their children.  They may also actively participate, testing the program before their children use it. It is important to treat parents as grade 6 students, so they can correctly interpret how the system works.

==Features==
 * [updatedFeatureUserID User Login]

 * [updatedFeatureCoreLibrary Core Library]

 * [updatedFeatureUserStats User Statistics]

 * [updatedFeatureDifficultyGradient Difficulty Gradient]

 * [updatedFeatureImpExp Import and Export]

 * [updatedFeaturePlugIn Plug-in System]

 * [updatedFeatureAdaptiveness Program adaptiveness]

 * [updatedFeatureGUI GUI]

 * [updatedFeatureMultimedia Multimedia]

==Non-Functional Requirements==
 * *Speed:* With or without saving/loading data, the system should run smoothly. On top of that, if the user performs an action, they system should respond and interact very quickly. The user should not notice the difference.

 * *Ease of Use:* The system is straightforward and user-friendly to use, and interacts with the user through buttons-clicking and simple descriptions. The user should not find any difficulties. When about to play a buddy, a brief description will be provided.

 * *Reliability:* The system is always available since it does not use networking and potential failures could be caused by improper data given by the third party.
 * *Portability:* The system could be run on any computer loaded with Java-running time, such as Windows or Linux.

 * *Usability:* Any user with basic computer knowledge of how to use a mouse and a keyboard  would find out it is easy to use the system, assuming the user has basic conversational understanding of English.

 * *Maintainability:* The system will be maintained by authorized developers or programmers. Comments are added as much as possible for non-original developers/programmers to understand easily.

 * *Implementation:* The system is implemented by Java, using object-oriented design. Each module should be independent of each other, which is low coupled. 
 


==Example Tutorials==
 * [updatedExampleTutUserLogin User Login]
==Glossary==

 * *Audio* - Sounds stored electronically in different formats, like MP3, WAV...

 * *Average* - The sum of all scores divided by the number of scores

 * *Developer* - A Person who works on the system.

 * *Difficulty Gradient* - The rate at which a study buddy difficulty changes.

 * *Development team* - A group of developers.

 * *Error* - The system functioning in an unexpected and unintended way.

 * *Export* - Copying a component of the system to be saved to another location, Jar files.

 * *Guardian* - Adult that is assigned to the care of a child.

 * *GUI* - Graphical User Interface.  The Visual portions of the system, which the user interacts with.
 
 * *Images* - Pictures stored electronically in different formats. JPEG, GIF, PNG...

 * *Import* - Adding an external plugin into the system for use, Jar files.

 * *Java* - Any references to Java refer to Java 1.5

 * *Plug-in* - A piece of software that accesses the core library to create a Study buddy.

 * *Score* - Varies between Study Buddies.  The results after the Study buddy has been finished.  Study Buddies that return non-numerical scores are tallied up and graphed.  The amount of each string is indicated at the bottom of the graph.

 * *Statistics* - Recorded and intrepreted data based off of user performance in study buddies.

 * *Study Buddy* -  A plugin written in java to provide functionality to the system. All buddies are file folders filled with .java files.  Every study buddy must have a start.java file inside this folder.  Study buddies are meant for the purpose of learning.

 * *The System* - The core program, and any related data, plugins or assisting classes.

 * *Third party* - Organization that does not have relations to the original development of a system.

 * *Username* -	A name used to identify a particular set of scores.  One user may have multiple usernames.

----
[Assignment3 Back to Assignment 3]