#summary Updated Design Document
#labels Assignment3

==Guidelines==
 * The system will be constructed under Java programming language with the !NetBeans IDE.

 * Tortoise SVN is used to keep the data updated and consistence.

 * The project will be coding with the internal [CodingStyle coding style].

==System Diagrams (created by !NetBeans)== 
 * [http://studybuddy-triplethreat.googlecode.com/files/StatMachine.jpg State Machine Diagram]


 * [http://studybuddy-triplethreat.googlecode.com/files/ClassDiagramA.jpg Class Diagram A] 

 * [http://studybuddy-triplethreat.googlecode.com/files/ClassDiagramB.jpg Class Diagram B]
 

 * [http://studybuddy-triplethreat.googlecode.com/files/DeploymentDiagram.jpg Deployment Diagram]

==Data Requirements==
 * A keyboard and a mouse will be used as the inputs to play buddies, and the monitor and speakers will be used as the outputs. For example, the user will have to use keyboard to create a new username and use mouse to choose actions related to the username.

 * A directory will be created of the username when a new username is added. 

 * No password is needed for the system.

 * The results of a user will be stored in a TXT file and will be displayed as a bar graph for statistics purpose. Each line has a score of numbers. 

 * When loading a buddy, its .class will be extracted from its .jar file in order to be executed with the system.

 * .JPEG file and .MP3 files will be used for the system to display images and play sounds.

==Feature Priorty==
  * * Version 1:* Version 1 will have the basic menu selection function and GUI. It will have user-login menu, and statistics function to display score trends. Everything is fully implemented here, except for import. For importing,it is almost fully implemented as it can import a .jar file, extract its .class file within its directory and the buddy's name can be displayed on the selection list. The reason why it is "almost fully" is that we do not have a study at this moment to test it out, and it will be fully functioned in Version 2.
   * [updatedFeatureCoreLibrary Core Library]
   * [updatedFeatureGUI GUI]
   * [updatedFeatureUserID User Login]
   * [updatedFeatureUserStats User Statistics]
   * [updatedFeatureImpExp Import and Export]   

  * * Version 2:* Version 2 will have Difficulty Gradient and Multimedia function for buddies.
   * [updatedFeatureDifficultyGradient Difficulty Gradient]
   * [updatedFeatureMultimedia Multimedia]
   * Break Buddy   
   * Science Wiring Buddy

  * * Version 3:* Version 3 will add two more buddies.
   * Math Buddy
   * Word Find Buddy 

----
[Assignment3 Back to Assignment 3]