#labels VisionAndScopeDoc
====Problem Description:====   
 * *Project Background:*
  We are interested in helping people who just arrived at Canada and they need help with English and fundamentals in Canada, such geography. And our goal is to make an easy and fun study buddies for those people so that they would have more knowledges about Canada.
  
 * * Stakeholders:*
  * Our team.
  * Library.
  * ESL staff.
  * Freshmen in Canada.
  
 * *Users:*
  # New Arrivals to Canada
   * Assumptions:
    * Expertise: Low
    * Experience: Minimal
    * Background: Limited English
  # High School Students
   * Assumptions:
    * Expertise: Low
    * Experience: Minimal
    * Background: Any
  # Development team
   * Assumptions:
    * Expertise: Medium
    * Experience: Experienced
    * Background: Computer Science Students
  # Instructor and TA
   * Assumptions:
    * Expertise: High
    * Experience: Experienced
    * Background: Computer Science

  * *Risks*
|| *Risk*                   || *Occurance* || *Severity* ||
|| Deadlines not met        || Low || Catastrophic ||
|| Program crashes/errors   || Low || Medium ||
|| Program does not run     || Low || Catastrophic ||
|| Requirements not met     || Medium || Medium ||
|| Features not implemented || High || Low ||
|| Guidelines not followed  || Medium || Medium ||
|| Changes to Team          || Low || Catastrophic ||

  * *Assumptions*
   * Team Members: 
    * Current team will not be changed throughout the semester.
    * Team members will complete their part of the project.
    * Has some knowledge and experience with programming and Java.
   * Stakeholders:
    * Final project will be completed at the dealine.
    * Final project will be of high quality.
   * Users:
    * Programs will be useful.
    * Be able to learn from programs.
    * Programs is visually pleasing.


====Vision of Solution:====
  * *Vision Statement*:  The purpose of this project is to create mini-programs for learning.  These programs are called “Study buddies” and they will be designed to help users to educate themselves on a specific topic that the Study buddy that each was designed for.  The method of instruction for each Study buddy will be different and will be appropriate for the topic.  There will also be one Study buddy not meant for learning purposes which will be called a Break buddy.  The Break buddy will be used as entertainment  program for the user.

The purpose of this project to help freshmen or elementary ESL students in Canada be more familiar with the place where they live and some esstials they need to know about. With these study buddies, they would discover a fun and interesting learning environment. 

  * *Architectural Diagram*
  * *List of Features*
   * 
  * *Scope of phased Release*
  * *Features that will not be implemented*